# Spec Tasks

These are the tasks to be completed for the spec detailed in
@.agent-os/specs/2025-09-10-fix-ci-failures/spec.md

> Created: 2025-09-10 Status: Ready for Implementation

## Tasks

### 1. Resolve Voice-vault Dependencies

**Goal:** Fix missing type definitions and dependency issues causing TypeScript
compilation failures in voice-vault module.

1.1. Write comprehensive tests for voice-vault module dependency loading and
error handling 1.2. Analyze missing dependencies (@orchestr8/logger, openai,
@elevenlabs/elevenlabs-js) and their usage patterns 1.3. Implement conditional
dependency loading with proper type guards and fallbacks 1.4. Add proper
TypeScript type definitions for optional dependencies 1.5. Update package.json
to mark voice-vault dependencies as optional or peer dependencies 1.6. Implement
graceful degradation when voice-vault dependencies are unavailable 1.7. Add
runtime checks and user-friendly error messages for missing dependencies 1.8.
Verify all voice-vault tests pass and TypeScript compilation succeeds

### 2. Fix Cross-platform Test Issues

**Goal:** Ensure all tests pass consistently across Ubuntu, macOS, and Windows
platforms.

2.1. Write tests to validate cross-platform file path handling and line ending
consistency 2.2. Identify platform-specific test failures through CI logs
analysis 2.3. Fix path separator issues and normalize file paths across
platforms 2.4. Resolve line ending differences (CRLF vs LF) in test assertions
and file comparisons 2.5. Update test timeouts and async handling for different
platform performance characteristics 2.6. Fix any platform-specific environment
variable or process handling issues 2.7. Ensure test cleanup properly handles
platform-specific file system behaviors 2.8. Verify all tests pass on
ubuntu-latest, macos-latest, and windows-latest runners

### 3. Fix Commit Lint Configuration

**Goal:** Resolve commit lint configuration issues preventing proper commit
message validation.

3.1. Write tests for commit message validation and configuration loading 3.2.
Analyze current commitlint configuration and identify configuration conflicts
3.3. Fix commitlint.config.js or .commitlintrc configuration format and rules
3.4. Ensure commitlint dependencies are properly installed and compatible 3.5.
Update GitHub Actions workflow to properly use commitlint configuration 3.6.
Test commit message validation with various commit message formats 3.7. Document
proper commit message format and validation rules 3.8. Verify commitlint
validation works correctly in CI and locally

### 4. Integration Testing and Validation

**Goal:** Ensure all fixes work together and CI pipeline passes completely.

4.1. Write end-to-end integration tests covering the complete CI pipeline
scenarios 4.2. Run full test suite locally on multiple platforms to validate
fixes 4.3. Test voice-vault module integration with and without optional
dependencies 4.4. Validate that all TypeScript compilation issues are resolved
4.5. Ensure GitHub Actions workflow runs successfully from start to finish 4.6.
Test commit message validation in the context of the full CI pipeline 4.7.
Verify no regressions were introduced in existing functionality 4.8. Verify all
tests pass and CI pipeline completes successfully across all platforms
